Docs 9532 partner manager endpoints doc edits esb (#98)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/endpoint-as2-receive.adoc

> = AS2 Receive Endpoint Settings

Reviewer: Is this really a first-level topic?

Author: I think so - these are all field description pages for consistency. They have multiple access points, so I think they are important reference topics that can be accessed or linked to from other topics.

> AS2 endpoint settings dictate where to receive inbound files from your trading partners. You can use the same AS2 receive endpoints to receive inbound transmissions from multiple partners.

Reviewer: "AS2 receive endpoint settings dictate...", per "You can use the same AS2 receive endpoints to..."?
Are we specifically making the settings distinct from the endpoints themselves?
Also, would this be simpler and just as accurate:
```suggestion
Your AS2 endpoint settings determine where you receive inbound data from your trading partners. One AS2 endpoint can receive inbound data from multiple partners.
```
Is "you" = "host"? Clarify both above and below, and throughout these topics.

> You can create the AS2 identifiers for your organization and for your trading partners in the respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[trading partner] profile pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create AS2 identifiers for your organization as host and for your trading partners in their respective xref:configure-host.adoc[host] and xref:configure-partner.adoc[trading partner] profile pages.
```

Reviewer: What is the transition between the previous statement and this table?

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> | Setting | Description | Required

Reviewer: I have assumed that these "settings" should be formatted as syntax, but when I get down to the "<Host>" entries, I'm not sure that this assumption holds. Do what you think best, based on what these "Setting"s really are....

Author: Done!

> | Endpoint Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Endpoint Name`
```

Author: Not applying mono to settings column.

> | The name used to identify the endpoint. The `Endpoint Name` is automatically generated, but can be modified manually.

Reviewer: The automatically generated name used to identify the endpoint, which you can subsequently modify manually.

Author: Updated all three topics to reflect this change.

| Yes

> | Owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Owner`
```

Author: We have decided not to change items in the Settings column to mono.

> | The trading partner or host that owns the endpoint. 

Reviewer: Here we refer to a generic "host," but do we mean your organization as host?
Also minor but note: we typically refer to host first and trading partner second, rather than the order used here.

Author: Done. 

As for the organization, I called it a Business Group (which is what it is in the product) but the PM wanted me to change it back to "host or trading partner".

| Yes

> | Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Protocol`
```

Author: We have decided not to change items in the Settings column to mono.

> | The trading partner or host that owns the endpoint. The value in this field is populated automatically and cannot be modified.

Reviewer 2: Please remove "The value in this field is populated automatically and cannot be modified." per the discussion on similar topic.

Author: Done

> | The protocol selected in the `Protocol` field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window. The value in this field cannot be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The protocol previously selected in the `Protocol` field of the *New endpoint: Receive from partners* window. This value cannot be subsequently modified.
```

| Yes

> | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Description`
```

Author: We have decided not to change items in the Settings column to mono.

> | The user-defined field for describing the purpose and use of the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The user-supplied description of the purpose and use of the endpoint.
```

| No

> | AS2 URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AS2 URL`
```

Author: We have decided not to change items in the Settings column to mono.

> a| The HTTP or HTTPS address where you receive AS2 messages.

Reviewer: "you" being the host organization?
GLOBALLY standardize/clarify. I will stop marking it, so please search for and doublecheck wording?

Reviewer: The following text is an inordinate amount for inclusion in a table of values that have heretofore been brief and scannable, as they should be. I suggest seeking a solution that moves this outside of the table columns, perhaps following the table as further explanation of how the URL works in this scenario?

Author: Reviewed for "you"/"your". Thanks!

Moved URL section in all topics.

> When deploying to CloudHub, the URL is automatically generated when you deploy a message flow that uses this endpoint. To view the URL, select the receiving endpoint from your deployed message flow.

Reviewer: misplaced modification: the URL is not deploying to CloudHub; reword for clarity

Reviewer: Note also that the second sentence here is an imperative, as in a step. Since this is not a task, I would reword this a bit to something like "You can view this URL by selecting..." or "If you want to view the URL, you can select...."

Author: Done!

> If you are deploying to on-premises Mule server with a firewall and load balancer, work with your organization's hosting or network security team to obtain the externally accessible DNS or name of the host where the Mule server is executing. You must replace the {runtime_host} value in the URL with the value that is specific to your organization. For example, if the DNS host name is `b2b.mycompany.com`, the AS2 receiver URL is: `+https://b2b.mycompany.com/receive-as2/+`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying to an on-premises Mule instance with a firewall and load balancer, work with your organization's hosting or network security team to obtain the externally accessible DNS or the name of the instance host. You must replace the `{runtime_host}` value in the URL with the value that is specific to your organization. For example, if the DNS host name is `b2b.mycompany.com`, the AS2 receiver URL is `+https://b2b.mycompany.com/receive-as2/+`.
```

| No

> | <Host> public certificate

Reviewer: As noted above, is this syntax/formatted as syntax?

Author: In this instance yes - this is user input.

| The digital certificate for your organization. This certificate is based on the RSA algorithm for the AS2 transport protocol.

> NOTE: You must have at least one certificate uploaded to the endpoint. If there is only one certificate uploaded to the endpoint, Partner Manager prevents you from deleting your only certificate.

Reviewer: Does this piece of info really belong in this table? It seems like a procedural warning that belongs in a different context, such as configuration or customization?

Author: Removed. This info appears in the Certificates topic.

| Yes

> | <Host> private key file

Reviewer: Syntax?

Author: Leaving items in Settings column in plain text.

| The private key.
| Yes

> | Key passphrase

Reviewer: ditto

| The passphrase for your private key.
| Yes
|===

> 

Reviewer: BREAK and commit here to avoid GitHub freezing and to enable writer to get started with addressing comments.

Reviewer: RESTART and continue edit for second commit

Author: Got it!

== Signature and Encryption Algorithms

> AS2 Receive endpoints deployed from Partner Manager support the following signature and encryption algorithms:

Reviewer: Why is "receive" capitalized?

Author: I guess it shouldn't be. It seemed like a proper name, but I think it is more of a type. Changed.

* Signature algorithms
** `UNSIGNED (Default)`
** `MD5`
** `SHA1`
** `SHA224`
** `SHA256`
** `SHA384`
** `SHA512`
* Encryption algorithms
** `UNENCRYPTED (Default)`
** `AES128_CBC`
** `AES128_CCM`
** `AES128_GCM`
** `AES192_CBC`
** `AES192_CCM`
** `AES192_GCM`
** `AES256_CBC`
** `AES256_CCM`
** `AES256_GCM`
** `AES256_WRAP`
** `CAST5`

> ** `3DES`

Reviewer: out of alpha order

Author: Done - I left the default at the top even though it is out of order. Let me know if that needs to change.
